extended documentation of the variables module (#67)
dbsystel/gitlab-ci-python-library: README.md

# gcip - Write your Gitlab CI pipelines in Python

> The Gitlab CI Python Library (gcip) is a Python Library for creating dynamic pipelines for Gitlab CI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Gitlab CI Python Library (gcip) is a Library to create dynamic pipelines for Gitlab CI.
```
